Is that you?
I heard that you were banned by Chen Tianshi yesterday
Now the entire antique world of Hangcheng is banning you
How dare someone take you in?
Boss Wang, how dare you?
Chen Tianshi just said not to let me trade
He didn't say I wasn't allowed to do chores
I work here. What's wrong?
Stop talking here
It has nothing to do with you today.
I'm here to get the money today.
Give me the money now
No money no money
No money to say
Nice bottle
Hey what are you doing
Teacher Wang, are you alright?
Is it okay to have no money?
Then this shop will be given to me
Now this shop is mine
The things inside are naturally mine
Master, if I want to smash you, I will smash you
I'd love to. Um, how much do you owe?
I'm not here yet
also
20 million oops
How much do I pay?
Isn't it just 20 million?
My celestial teacher came down the mountain
Selling you 200 million is a top deal
200 million, what do you think?
Now the whole voyage knows
You were banned by Chen Tianshi
Who dares to bury your stuff?
Just your broken china vase
Go back and shit yourself
Isn't it Chen Tianshi?
Can't I just talk to him tomorrow?
Who do you think you are?
Is Chen Tianshi someone you can meet if you want?
Ah, to tell you the truth
Chen Tianshi is preparing for the baseball contest in three days
It's impossible to quit rubbish like you
Give me three days.
Let Lao Tzu wait for you for three days, and you also deserve one day.
Grandson, do you dare to give me a day?
I promise I'll give you the money tomorrow.
If you can't give it to us, you can handle it.
Bridge, what nonsense are you talking about?
Are you trying to get us killed?
Good day just one day
I will continue to help you at the same time tomorrow.
If I don't see the money
Then I'll give you this store.
receive
Bridge you are crazy for a day
How can you raise money in one day?
Broom star every time
It's not good to meet you
I think you did it on purpose. Don't worry.
I have my own way